README.md, before:

# Virtual Cat 🐱

A virtual pet game built with Angular where you can adopt and take care of your own digital cat companion.

## 🚀 Features

- Adopt virtual cats
- Login/Register system
- Simple and intuitive UI
- Cross-platform web application

## 🛠️ Technologies

- Angular 19
- TypeScript
- SCSS
- @ng-icons library

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js (LTS version recommended)
- npm (comes with Node.js)
- Angular CLI (`npm install -g @angular/cli`)

## 🔧 Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/virtual-cat.git
cd virtual-cat
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
ng serve
```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.

## 📖 Usage

- Register or log in to your account.
- Take care of your cat by feeding, playing, and grooming it.
- Enjoy watching your cat grow and thrive!

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
6. Open a pull request.

Commit message:

docs: update README to reflect current feature status and development progress

README.md, after:

# Virtual Cat 🐱

A virtual pet game built with Angular where you can adopt and take care of your own digital cat companion.

## Features

This project is under active development. Here's the current status of features:

### ✅ Implemented

- Basic user authentication (register and login)
- Interactive routes for login, register, and play

### 🚧 In Progress

- Adopt cat screen (choose name, fur pattern)
- Art sprites for the cat

### 📅 Planned

- Main game mechanics to care for the virtual cat (feeding, grooming, etc.)
- Cat animations

### 🔄 Continuous Improvements

- Find and fix bugs, UI/UX improvements to ensure smooth user usage

## 🛠️ Technologies

- Angular 19
- TypeScript
- SCSS
- @ng-icons library

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js (LTS version recommended)
- npm (comes with Node.js)
- Angular CLI (`npm install -g @angular/cli`)

## 🔧 Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/virtual-cat.git
cd virtual-cat
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
ng serve
```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.

## 📖 Usage

- Register or log in to your account.
- Take care of your cat by feeding, playing, and grooming it.
- Enjoy watching your cat grow and thrive!
